packages/auth/docs/components/WhenAuthenticated.story.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Button } from 'react-rainbow-components';
import WhenAuthenticated from '../../src/components/WhenAuthenticated';
import * as stories from '../stories/authRoutes.story.js';

<Meta title="Modules/Auth/Components/WhenAuthenticated" component={WhenAuthenticated} />

# Overview

`WhenAutheticated` component act as a route, when the URL match the `path` value passed, the component will render
the it's content(component prop or children) while the application is authenticated against Firebase. If a `redirect` value is passed
and the application isn't authenticated the component will redirect the navigation to the redirect value passed.

This component subscribes to any authenticated state change. Hence the render of it's content reacts depending
on the latest authentication state.

## This example is a basic `email` and `password` authentication flow.

<Preview>
    <Story name="WhenAuthenticated">{stories.basicEmailPasswordAuthFlow()}</Story>
</Preview>

# Component props

<Props of={WhenAuthenticated} />

Commit message:

fix: auth example to use routes with no conflicts (#534)

packages/auth/docs/components/WhenAuthenticated.story.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Button } from 'react-rainbow-components';
import WhenAuthenticated from '../../src/components/WhenAuthenticated';
import * as stories from '../stories/authRoutes.story.js';

<Meta title="Modules/Auth/Components/WhenAuthenticated" component={WhenAuthenticated} />

# Overview

`WhenAutheticated` component act as a route, when the URL match the `path` value passed, the component will render
the it's content(component prop or children) while the application is authenticated against Firebase. If a `redirect` value is passed
and the application isn't authenticated the component will redirect the navigation to the redirect value passed.

This component subscribes to any authenticated state change. Hence the render of it's content reacts depending
on the latest authentication state.

**Note**

When used with `WhenNoAuthenticated` you should use routes that don't conflict with each other, for instance, `/home/**` contains 
all the public routes and `/app/**` contains all the authenticated routes.

## This example is a basic `email` and `password` authentication flow.

<Preview>
    <Story name="WhenAuthenticated">{stories.basicEmailPasswordAuthFlow()}</Story>
</Preview>

# Component props

<Props of={WhenAuthenticated} />
