packages/hooks/docs/hooks/useMutationFlow.story.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Modules/Hooks/useMutationFlow" />

# Overview

When our applications need to mutate(create/update/delete) data in the Server(database, etc, ...),
the UI we want to implement, 90% of the time does the same e.g.

1. show app/global spinner because we are about to do an `async` call.
2. call the `async` function that will communicate with our servers and make the desired mutation
3. on the success we want to:
    - hide the spinner
    - show visual feedback `notification` that explains `Success!`
4. on the error we want to:
    - hide the spinner
    - show visual feedback `notification` that explains `Error!`

<b>This is a very repetitive work!</b>

# Solution

## useMutationFlow() hook

```js
const saveBook = async (values) => { /* save a the book in DB. */};
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: 'Book created sucessfully.',
    errorMessage: 'There was an error.Please try again.',
});
const values = { name: 'Foo', author: 'Bar', ... };
<Button label="Add Book" onClick={() => mutate(values)}
```

### How compose success|error messages based on the server response

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: (res) => `The book ${res.name} was created successfully.`,
});
```

### How close a Modal after success

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: (res) => `The book ${res.name} was created successfully.`,
    onSuccess: (res) => setModalOpen(false),
});
```

### How customize the icons on the notifications

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: (res) => ({
        description: `The book ${res.name} was created successfully.`,
        icon: <MyCustomIcon />,
    }),
    onSuccess: (res) => setModalOpen(false),
});
```

## useMutationFlow API

| Property       | Description                                      | Type               | Default                                   |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| mutation       | The async function that perform the server call. | async () => {}     | undefined                                 |
| successMessage | The success message on the Notification          | String or Function | 'The mutation was executed successfully.' |
| errorMessage   | The error message on the Notification            | String or Function | 'There was an error, Please try again.'   |
| onSuccess      | Callback on the success                          | (res) => {}        | undefined                                 |
| onError        | Callback on the error                            | (error) => {}      | undefined                                 |

Commit message:

feat: use mutation flow message feedback (#357)
* feat: support messages in useMutationFlow hook

* fix: notification menu test

packages/hooks/docs/hooks/useMutationFlow.story.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Modules/Hooks/useMutationFlow" />

# Overview

When our applications need to mutate(create/update/delete) data in the Server(database, etc, ...),
the UI we want to implement, 90% of the time does the same e.g.

1. show app/global spinner because we are about to do an `async` call.
2. call the `async` function that will communicate with our servers and make the desired mutation
3. on the success we want to:
    - hide the spinner
    - show visual feedback `notification` that explains `Success!`
4. on the error we want to:
    - hide the spinner
    - show visual feedback `notification` that explains `Error!`

<b>This is a very repetitive work!</b>

# Solution

## useMutationFlow() hook

```js
const saveBook = async (values) => { /* save a the book in DB. */};
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: 'Book created sucessfully.',
    errorMessage: 'There was an error.Please try again.',
});
const values = { name: 'Foo', author: 'Bar', ... };
<Button label="Add Book" onClick={() => mutate(values)}
```

### How compose success|error messages based on the server response

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: (res) => `The book ${res.name} was created successfully.`,
});
```

### How close a Modal after success

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: (res) => `The book ${res.name} was created successfully.`,
    onSuccess: (res) => setModalOpen(false),
});
```

### How customize the icons on the notifications

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    successMessage: (res) => ({
        description: `The book ${res.name} was created successfully.`,
        icon: <MyCustomIcon />,
    }),
    onSuccess: (res) => setModalOpen(false),
});
```

### Use messages instead of notifications

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    type: 'message',
});
```

### Use message for errors and notification when success:

```js
const { mutate } = useMutationFlow({
    mutation: saveBook,
    type: {
        success: 'notification',
        error: 'message',
    },
});
```

## useMutationFlow API

| Property       | Description                                                      | Type                                                                              | Default                                 |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| mutation       | The async function that perform the server call.                 | async () => {}                                                                    | undefined                               |
| successMessage | The success message on the Notification                          | String or Function                                                                | The mutation was executed successfully. |
| errorMessage   | The error message on the Notification                            | String or Function                                                                | There was an error, Please try again.   |
| onSuccess      | Callback on the success                                          | (res) => {}                                                                       | undefined                               |
| onError        | Callback on the error                                            | (error) => {}                                                                     | undefined                               |
| type           | Indicate how show feedback to the user (notification or message) | String: notification or message <br /> Object: { success: String, error: String } | notification                            |
